## Our Training

- We shoot 28 meters regulation full distance every Sunday morning.
- We regularly meet at the Bellevue Highland Community Center Gym. Parking is free. Using public transit, it is a 15 minute walk from the Sound Transit Light Rail, Line #2, Bel-Red Station.
- Classes are 3 hours of group lessons with individual attention as needed. The first hour’s focus in on Budo style movements with etiquette (Taihai with Rei): walking, turning, standing, sitting, bowing while handling the equipment. The second hour we focus on shooting as an art form (Shaho with Shagi) using the traditional Japanese Long Bow, handling the arrows and using the traditional deerskin glove. The third hour is group shooting and learning through observation, to refine and polish members skills (Shakaku with Shahin). In addition, Makiwara (short range) free practice is available. Throughout class we strive to relate the _intention_ of instruction to the ultimate goal: to improve oneself as a human being.
- We provide beginners bows. We assist members in selecting and purchasing, shipping, their own arrows, shooting glove, uniform and the various accessories need for Kyudo from Japan.
- We host 3 annual events. Spring starts with a 4-day seminar in Vancouver B.C. Canada with the SCKR (South Carolina Kyudo Renmei) instructors. Summer solstice event is a long weekend on Lopez Island. Summer concludes with an all-day shooting event at Fire Mountain, Scouting American camp near Big Lake WA. In addition, AKR and IKYF-ANKR events in North America and Japan are open to our members.
